sausages a good way to do them is with
tomato and onion gravy in their own it's
the frying on the outside of a brown
tree because this opposing this is the
brown this can actually wash off and
this is what gives the gravy its flavor
that around the sides and I don't
sweet'n output click not a a better
choice for the tires on from that little
boy - Marcus you say Sebago I say Sebago
whistles just switch these I got what
you deserve as well as you can make the
ones that are on the inside to the
outside put the ones on the outside
slice it to the heat
okay say this chemistry minute all makes
what I'm about to do you know do you
think of the shape of the sausage right
you've got a clean edge you can contact
with the frypan all the time which means
that there's not a lot of surface area
for the heat to get in and cook the
sausage so you're on a flip in it all
the time or the other thing that people
do is just sit there and burn the crap
out of it so that it's cooked on the
inside but then it's all burning why not
some water bodies we're finishing off
the cooking by we should have really
come to the boil by essentially just
poaching them in the hot water and then
the the juice a little bit of juice and
flavor that comes out in the war we've
got left when we finish we'll use to
make great well if that's just kind of
the timers are just going to be pulling
away there so this is all you know I'm
sorry
thank you that needs to reduce now take
it off completely thank you so what are
we doing we're eliminating some of the
water that the dummy over poured that
completely exonerated
it doesn't need I need my glass full of
water and so put that in there you need
about you know however much graver you
want a cup of a cup and a half something
like that tomorrow's Bellinis idea
because sausages can be a bit salty and
the tomorrow as the acidity and the
sweetness of the tomato
by the saltiness of your gravy a little
it go on this here it's nothing to say
I'm scandal or it's just yes or none
that was that's fine as it is for now
thanks both
some of us have been chunka foreign
these would also service instead of with
potato mash you can send the polenta it
also be very nice now that's getting
down to the soil level we want and as I
said the tomatoes will help take away
the saltiness was a the sausage if you
just pop them under the grill and now
sort of reroute to soften up the
tomatoes and get them to release release
their juices not release their Jesus
sometime let the tomatoes were loose
there Jesus must retain their juices at
all if you find that the gravies are the
big thing and you'd like to thicken it
up just mix a little bit of flour with
cold water and tip it in towards the end
I'm sorta I'm ok with the gravy being a
bit thin to be honest actually unto us
is in the word virtuous means
oily and repulsive can mean oily in the
physique as in oleaginous or it can mean
oily in us like a sort of person who's a
bit slimy and a bit too ingratiating
and these just might be a bit also I
think that's a bit much tomorrow
actually elite salt-n-pepa
check that thing it's very old I've got
this wrong it's very storage for about
ten years while we've been overseas
emasculating so you have to still at st.
peppercorns in about we see how it looks
in neurons I just want to quickly do the
time be careful
blue the green my name is John water now
that is actually starting to yeah that's
good I just - can you turn that off
their posters
been there done that
my puns are getting more rancid out they
really rancid yeah irani and great snow
you're the one who brought all the
Adventists into this or whatever the
word was I didn't say all the happiness
I said an to us what's that a bit of pre
cracked pepper
Rebecca it was sort of whipping into
some extent there what a de merely
crossed pair of legs okay on a permit
and chubby person
yeah yeah
outside the key to cooking sausages no
your sausage like you can I've cooked
this before Lynn hey and sometimes if
you like if you poach the sausages too
long they sort of end up a bit wizened
in a bit you know like you've you've
cooked too much a bit dry so much the
moistures come out and go on into the
gravy that should have stayed in the
sausage but you know natural casing is
the key that manufactured casings if
they might still say they're natural but
they're made from collagen or something
and they've got a sheen to them in a
plastic you look good stay away from
that and obviously the quality of the
sausage is key if you use a cheap
sausage that's got the this sort of soft
really finally meets tamashii middle
it's like toothpaste toothpaste sausage
but I do feel you have to learn your
sausage you find one that you like yeah
I agree
know your sausage